Encrypt all string trigger attributes (#36801)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/authoring-and-scheduling/deferring.rst

'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

Triggers are serialized and stored in the database, so they can be re-instantiated on any triggerer process. This means that any sensitive information you pass to a trigger will be stored in the database.

> Since Airflow 2.8.1, all the string values in the serialized trigger are encrypted before storing them in the database, and decrypted when they are read from the database. This means that the sensitive information is not stored in plain text in the database anymore.

Author: @ephraimbuddy in case you want to move it to 2.9.0, we need to commit this suggestion before merging.
```suggestion
Since Airflow 2.9.0, all the string values in the serialized trigger are encrypted before storing them in the database, and decrypted when they are read from the database. This means that the sensitive information is not stored in plain text in the database anymore.
```
